Ye Shao, please respect yourself
It's been three years. It works.
You're still so shy
Nothing has changed
But this time
I won't let anyone take you away from me again
Stolen
An ancient gift
Please accept it with a smile.
Oh, this is Gu Xia Yi
The whole book is actually Gu Xiayi
This sutra is known as the source of medicine
It says
Many long-lost advanced medical skills
Legend has it that it has long been exiled to the people
Did you not swear?
I didn't expect it to reappear here today
Therefore, he is a powerful doctor
And this ancient Xia medical essence is the source of medical skills
under the sun
Only Gu Lao can comprehend this eminent monk's medical essence
I don't know if Gu Lao is satisfied, satisfied, satisfied
Naturally satisfied
Ye Shao
Your Guxia has already made a move, it is Wang fried.
What about those of us who give gifts later?
What gift?
It can't compare to your ancient Xia I Ching.
Hey, gift-giving has nothing to do with thickness.
The fairy leaf has arrived.
Hey, Xiao Chen.
Why hasn't the gift you mentioned arrived yet?
This will have to wait a little longer
The thank you dinner is over
You keep saying that your heart is more important than the thank you gift
But his words and deeds reveal his own
It's hard to be depressed everywhere
How can life be so double standard
This is not a double standard.
I just wanted to show you.
This man is full of lies
Not a word of truth in my mouth
The whole world lies
Only Xiaochen will not
Because he is a minister
Thanks Xie Li is on the way
Come later
I'll say it again.
ancient
Before the gift arrives
I dare to give you another special gift.